the red jacket on your share sweet go I
PFS first of the actual jacket on your
discussing projects today on Monday we
just had the All Hands call I could see
the notes sweet go up yet i'll post them
in reply shortly Jeremy's gonna leading
this call at least already volunteered
to be note-taker if you have any
questions about go I PFS plz addams the
agenda which I believe Jeremy's not
working on and Jeremy once i get away
yeah okay so go I PFS um we made a lot
of progress is last week on interop with
JSI PFS and also have a basic pub/sub
implemented which is pretty cool we
released the release candidate for for
version 4 3 which is also pretty cool
mm-hmm pub so it's pretty neat and
that's what we worked on them even I've
been up late a lot with one and doing
all sorts of work on that front and
we've been spending a lot of time trying
to figure out what we're going to do for
demos for DEFCON 2 and about what like
what we need all in all for that so most
of our time I'm gonna go with all of our
kind has been spent getting pub/sub and
j SMS in our up so that's what we've
been doing as far as other miscellaneous
changes on ago I PFS it's been a little
quiet um kubas been moving so he's less
active than normal um I've been doing
pub/sub stuff so that's that and the 0
other thing is that we've been getting
closer and closer and closer to having
the DHT extracted which is a cool thing
also really isn't if we have that yes by
moving on I have a question about
pub/sub on the Senate experimental and
all and is it a mouthful now no
okay a skirt okay so on when it goes
through we wanted master for for defcon
it's gonna be hard master it's good okay
finish no it's good flag yeah nice I
feel angry so there's gonna be a dash
dash pops up for something like that
yeah definitely remember the pops up
support yeah something really long yep
yeah yep so that is a quick update of
how we're doing um so in terms of
milestones if I want to frame things
that way we have finished the rc4
milestone I should click close on that
oh that's close um we are pretty close
to closing the j s go interoperability
milestone which is cool like we've got
all the multi stream stuff we've got i
figured out that really stupid nasty
stream multiplexing bug with phoebe
stream last night took us like what
seven hours did well huh a long time
yeah i've got a thumb here speed um so
yeah that was really annoying to fix and
well there were changes on both sides of
the spectrum one of so on a ghost side
they the doctor team whoever was working
when that didn't um they were they were
using a priority queue for ordering
packets that you know for ordering the
frames that they receive but they
weren't actually setting the priority on
the incoming streams so that was causing
weird things where the data packets were
having a higher priority than the actual
sin stream packets that created the
stream that those data packets were four
so we were just dropping data packets
because we don't know what streets
report on and on the GS side there was
all sorts of weird whole stream stuff I
don't know what I don't know what
actually was wrong there or what we
actually had to fix but there was just
some it's JavaScript man man like come
on yeah so that was that was fun and
also the JavaScript speedy transport was
just setting random priorities on things
which hey I don't know just like it just
pick a number said hey this is priority
7 and this thing this thing's part III
just because because i felt like it so
that like it technically works as long
as we're respecting the priorities on
the other side which one that's so
annoying yeah i got it big yes so that
was a lot of huge wasted time wow so
yeah between that and oh yeah we merge
CITS v0 pretty cool thank you guys for
doing that thoroughly and that was
definitely appreciated um yeah any coup
but you got anything you want to talk
about your muted by the way so don't
start talking and tell you I'm you I'm
thinking so no I don't think I have
anything specific and I'm and I finished
the song I unique surface I oh so it's a
tidy person but as I was moving I I
really I I expected it to take as much
time as it takes so sorry about that i
have two things about up we're gonna
follow up on ok I've two months and
related things one is hosting one of our
websites using IP NS and IPL d dot IO
and multi formats that I or hosted
through a pianist right now so the means
we don't have to change dns records
every time we deploy a change which is
great um i'm gonna get metrics for how
well that performs today or latest
tomorrow avid have done already so i
only need to set up
graphs and figure out what and actually
useful metric would actually be and this
so we can probably strike off that
Matt's done and all the other one is
concerning the core API I have a pro
request up now which does well it's a
first step for the core API and parts of
the Gateway use it and it will be really
i don't need it much but just a quick
review hey is this giving in to the
right direction that would be great yeah
that's it from my side and i'm gonna try
and get Kevin Atkinson involved in it I
guess I already made a few remarks on
another issue about it and we'll see
there's enough to do the API is big so
actually that stuff is not using the API
is that we have already properly spect
out which is the object API and a couple
of others and it said it uses the UNIX
FS API so that's the basic cat ad LS
command and how does this packing work
do it just right up documents similar to
the ones already existing in the
interface IP FS Corps repo or I have not
got em clue ok then I'm just going to go
with that and yeah that sounds good to
me hopefully good we'll take it from
them bridal ok from as far because
mostly jas spiking happened interface IP
desk or you can write out the spec and
make a PR with it and then people will
comment on it and discuss if it is right
and ideally before the pr gets merged
you add the test suite
through the specs that you're adding and
then it will be merged when everybody's
happy with that so the spec together
with test gets merged okay that sounds
good to me when the implementation
actually passes it that's and that that
reminds me of that another point about
that for now I've placed the go
interface for all that in go a PFS and
the go a PFS rico just for these of
getting started with it and against when
we're extracting the Gateway you want to
extract that interface respective repo
where the jazz stuff is as well together
with the press cool well that sounds
like we're making great progress and the
bait is trying to see on my laptop which
I don't know what he wants tonight can
you see me can be good even see you here
they you're not gonna be able to hear no
I'm gonna do what you want it to no
guess I said that's not going to do you
want to I know oh that's right now that
doesn't alright yeah alright cool so I
was hearing on the live stream so sorry
for my five seconds away larks let's get
the like at least one comment like files
all right files cat or something
integrated with the current I PFS I'd
receptacles for because we might need to
polish a little bit unlike what we want
to do exactly in terms of like pulling
the interface into go I PFS there has
been like some discussions if we should
like have the interface file inside the
idea in difference I think that's called
repo and then like the girl I'd be fast
food imported or if that should be just
a speck and then every language should
like create the interface file for their
own implementation but definitely like
let's try for one endpoint before I
trying to do for all the end points at
the same time
even just happy fest we always like to
one by one like we start with the object
and a movie went to the block then we
got this form then we got the files
because if I classes polishes apology
API is way faster and it also gets
things marched ways to there because
they don't get walked in some other
comment oh you're totally agree so so
yeah like getting that x developer
experience right like should we get into
fish while they're inside and like you
the other implementations fully or yeah
let's try for one I think I am
definitely going with the step-by-step
approach of only implementing if
functions that I need right now man I I
want to get it into into the interface
IP FS Corps Rico eventually I guess um
but I'd like to do it with the Gateway
extract together with it gateway
extraction because it's just such a such
young coat the go core API and so yeah
I'm adding the couple of methods that I
need for extracting the Gateway no
that's the basic unix surface melted at
LS and add and then a couple of the
object API method like set data at link
and RM link okay um and the Gateway can
be extracted in the same go we can we
can move the interface along with the
tests to UM to the interface core repo
probably a simplest one um would be even
block because block is just like get
input and I used for it I have no use
for it right now for block for the block
game because the Gateway the Gateway is
dealing with unix FS object and that's
right I said you mean you never get it's
like box to there yeah I first tried
using the object ap occur because that's
already specified a synchronous yeah
then I would still need to deal with the
unix FS stuff and I don't want to have
the Gateway depend on that um I want to
ever depend exclusively on the core API
and just to keep the deeper because
otherwise the dependency tree is gonna
is going to be a mess and the
extractions going to be really hard um
okay cool let's continue the like let's
move this will be W as Jeremy always say
but we get that's right but yeah I
definitely get soon something that just
like went one or two method so that we
we get this that's right I feel like
going fully gonna take care of them oh
thank you awesome getting to Taylor stop
staring yeah thank you back to Germany
with the water it's not as hot outside
it's great loving it honey 20 Celsius
out right now 25 I think it's great 3232
to don't know how much that is it's just
a dumb number okay um freedom units
anyways that's all I've got lots
probably all ours has kooba seemed like
he was you know pretty good on
everything so let me know if I can help
with anything yeah I'm gonna take you on
things and you're gonna you're gonna be
reviewing stuff to be fun mostly good
for me to go over the IPS hosting stuff
that you have going on yeah we do that
sometime tomorrow um i'm gonna i'm about
to fall asleep cuz i guess i literally
people me too I don't know getting up
early is usually not my thing so it was
good okay EMA so you use a random
question uh Jeremy in running this call
what did you have on your screen where
you looking at the final Stones list
were you looking at the waffle board
he's looking at your beautiful faces
ready I good question that's that's
about all I was looking at um I didn't
have time to make a notes for like the
etherpad notes I did pull up the github
milestones list just to like I don't
know I don't didn't really get anything
from opening that page okay yeah I have
a hunch from listening white go to what
you walk through that the generated
roadmaps accusing haads roadmap
generator might be useful I'm gonna play
with that in the future because I'd like
basically you ran through stuff that
would have been on that on that
generated so maybe we'll play with that
in the future but for now I like that
before alright so yeah thank y'all for
coming and get out of here thank you bye
bye next goals jsf bffs in 10 minutes
good night